Title: Isaac March, CSCI200OL.50710, Asteroid Survival
Problem Description: 
    For my project proposal I said I would make Galaga, however that game seemed to be too complex to create.
    Instead I will be making my own game, Asteroid Survival which is simmilar and still substantial enough to be a final project. Instead 
    of having to program an AI to govern enemies for Galaga, I will only have to move ememies accross the screen. This game will
    keep track of user scores and display the high score and have three inputs, left, right, and attack. If the player colides with an attack the game will
    end.
Program Documentation:
    How to run program. Program was developed on Windows.
    All files in the zip folder are necesary. Once the folder is unziped and placed in VScode, enter the directory into the terminal and type 
    mingw32-make to make the executables. Once these are created the program can be executed with the command ./FinalProject. The game prompt will 
    ask for a user input and will show you how to play the game. If you want to quit you can hit the q or Q button or the "X" on the window bar. After the game
    is over the command prompt will ask for you to enter your username (must have no spaces in the username). If you need to edit code you have to delete the 
    FinalProject.exe and main.o before you rebuild with mingw32-make.
LIST DATA STRUCTURE:
    I chose to use functions, classes and structs to impliment the solution to my problem. These data structures alowed me to segment my code into readable 
    sections and simplify my logic. Classes were helpful for encapsulating attributes and variables that were specific to a game object since each object 
    behaves differently. For example the Player class had movement that was governed by player input and the Enemy class had movement that was governed 
    by pre-set conditions. Classes alowed for a more simple and concice implimentation.
TESTS: 
    When the game starts it asks for user input to start the game in the form of s or S for start or q or Q to quit. This is handled in a while loop that 
    can also detect an input other than these four cases. This program also takes in a file for socores. If the file or file directory does not exist, it 
    ends the program with "File not found."
REFLECTIONS: 
    From this project I learned a lot about the proccess of incremental development and building large programs with interchangeable parts. This 
    interchangeability can be done using functions to folow the WORM principal. Classes can also be used to deal with data types that might be useful to 
    the project. One of the biggest problems I encountered was a bug that messed with my SFML directories that ended up breaking ALL my programs in VScode. 
    I ended up fixing the problem by re-downloading the SFML libraries.